alright so I'm playing a game yesterday
and I score this goal right not too bad
a header from me barbeau take another
look at it again not too bad just a
header from me barb oh nothing wrong
here right um at first didn't see any
problem let's take a look at the replay
and see if we notice something a little
bit wrong here so let's go and let's
play it so don't see it quite yet maybe
you guys are better high-definition
monitors might be able to see it but
it's okay i'm going to show you what
happens do you see that do you see the
ball not only is it going through the
defenders head it's not even it doesn't
even reach a bar bows head does not even
notice the fact that the fenders head is
there according to the graphics the
defender clearly got to the ball clearly
headed it away and yet you know for some
reason you just can't get to it another
thing I don't know if you'll notice but
look at how his head just kind of snaps
to the ball it kind of the body doesn't
move but the head it positions itself in
order to get the header it you know um I
guess I'm gonna have to watch this thing
one more time all right now look at his
head look pay close attention to his
head you see how it's kind of snapping
and it's out of place and then really
make sense for it to be positioned that
way you see that right there you see how
his head is like off the body that
doesn't make any sense now now I
understand I understand that there's two
different engines within the game there
is the graphical engine look at his head
you see do you see that you say look
kind of snapped out of place as I was
saying I understand that there's a
graphical engine which displays the game
you and that there is a engine within
that's kind of you know under the hood
if you will you don't really ever see it
work at word because all that does is
determined what happens in the game and
apparently it has absolutely nothing to
do with what you see because the ball
can just go right through the defenders
head even though he headed it away um
but that's not really the issue the
issue is that headers Oh way way
overpowered and you know this is a good
example of a graphical glitch and it
doesn't really highlight the main issue
and the main issue are these following
points number one the headers are way
too accurate I mean how many times have
you seen a striker head the ball and it
just bounces off his head and goes God
knows where that barely never happens
almost always is going right in the goal
and almost always it's right where the
goalie can't get to it why did they make
it so accurate number two the defenders
they don't go after the ball the way a
normal person will go after the ball
they're so lackadaisical and they don't
care and whatever it doesn't make any
sense why why they not going after the
ball they're professional soccer players
they make a living doing this and they
just don't care it's a bad job by EA of
simulating how a defender would react to
the ball and that the problem is very
it's it's very very universal within the
game at any time the ball is in the air
the AI just has no idea what to do its
just oh oh I'm supposed to go up to the
bowl oh maybe I should wait until it
lands maybe I shouldn't and while that's
going on they're not doing anything
they're just staring at the ball so
issue number two like I said they're not
they're just not going after those balls
and number three on top of all that the
cross is a way to accurate that I mean
players like Walcott who
you know that he's a good player but
he's not going to get across in on the
dime three or four times a game every
single game that just doesn't happen and
FIFA it happens all the time you
acknowledge these issues before you
acknowledge this ish these issues when
the game first came out you said we are
working on resolving this and that was
what six weeks ago and you still haven't
done it I think it's been longer than
six weeks it I have to look in the need
to look to see what exactly they came
out with this crap I don't know oh ok
day one update that's what was it was on
the twenty-fifth of September when it
came out and said we are going to fix
this and they have not they have not
it's you can see it in this video it's
ridiculous it it just happens over and
over again is just nothing by headers
headers headers headers headers we're
sick of it fix it please please fix it
you said you'd fix it on the
twenty-fifth of September what happened
I guess I'm done it's a little rant i
made a video before and it wasn't this
bad I just wanted you to see it I really
hope they do fix it and I understand you
got the next-gen coming out and i may
buy it i may not but what about the
people that bought the one on xbox 360
do you not care about them do we not
matter anymore fix it please bye